yalpack-0.2.0 Installation Guide

To install yalpack to your LFS-type system, run the Makefile as root. 
The following targets are available:
	
	make package: Recommended for all installations and upgrades.
	Install the yalpack scripts; these scripts are then used to make
	and install a package for yalpack. If yalpack is already installed
	on the system, the new scripts will be used to upgrade yalpack as
	a package instead. This helps avoid old bugs, etc. that have since
	been fixed.

	make DESTDIR=/your/choice no-use: Recommended only for packaging
	yalpack. install.sh and validate-config.sh are placed in the root of
	DESTDIR. Installing or upgrading yalpack in this way for use on the
	system is unsupported; call 'make package' instead.

	make clean: Removes compressed man pages from the source 
	directory.
	
	make uninstall: Remove the yalpack binaries, man pages and
	documentation from under DESTDIR. The yalpack directory
	(/var/yalpack by default) is made by install.sh and by running
	yalpack scripts for the first time, and so it must be removed
	manually if desired. The same applies for any yalpack package
	tree backup directories.

The following parameters can be set with the make call:

	DESTDIR: Please note that "make package" is the recommended 
	         installation and upgrade method. 'make no-use' should never be 
	         called without DESTDIR.
	PREFIX (/usr): the prefix for the bin, sbin, doc, share and man
                       directories
	SHAREDIR (PREFIX/share): yalpack's directory under share
	SBINDIR (PREFIX/sbin): the installation directory for root-only
	  		       scripts
	BINDIR (PREFIX/bin): the destination directory for other
			     scripts
	MANDIR (SHAREDIR/man): the destination directory for man
			       files
	DOCDIR (SHAREDIR/doc): the destination directory for other
			       documentation
	TMP (/tmp): the top directory level for the yalpack build
		    destination.

All yalpack binaries are POSIX-compliant shell scripts, so feel free to
edit them to make changes to default working and data directories. In
most cases, however, this can be most conveniently done by editing
src/etc/yalpack.conf before installation. See Customization for details.

As of Linux From Scratch 10.1, three packages in the base book use
"make install," but do not have PKGDEST capabilities:
	
	bzip2
	sysvinit
	sysklogd

For workarounds related to managing these packages with yalpack, see
README (/usr/share/doc/yalpack-0.2.0/README) or the pkgmake man page.
